>> Jon kuperman: And
then the last one Lighthouse,
we will play extensively with this today,
but it is a full audit, so you can do
Kind of the important ones are you can
simulate mobile or desktop devices?
You can simulate any number
of these four categories,
which are performance, accessibility,
best practices, and SEO, and
you can have some different modes
like do a audit of this time span.
So let's say you have a game, you start
it, do something in the game, end it.
Or you could just do kind of like when
you get navigated to the page, or
you could do a current snapshot
of where things are at right now.
So with any one of these, it'll go out,
it'll do a bunch of stuff and
it'll load it for you.
We will have a pretty
significant play with it later,
so I'm not gonna spend too
much time on it now, and
then a couple of last things to just know
is you can simulate your viewport devices.
So you can do like a responsive app,
you can see what
your site looks like on an iPhone,
m'I see all sorts of things like this.
Additionally, you can do network
throttling so you can say, okay, well,
what does it look like on an iPhone?
I see and you can do mid tier mobile, low
end mobile, so I can do low end mobile and
then I can refresh the page,
and I can kind of see here,
what my app will look like on a low end
mobile iPhone see, so that's quite cool.
Not the most exciting 'cause it's
just a static HTML page, but
you could imagine if it was doing
a bunch of asynchronous stuff,
that it would look quite different here.
Another thing is nice is this helper
arrow, so if you're trying to inspect
a certain element, but
you're having a hard time doing it.
When you right click on an element and
you click inspect,
it will do its best to open the elements
tab selected on that element.
That's not always possible if
things are really fine grained, so
another way is going
kind of reverse order.
You can click on the arrow and then you
can kind of hover around until you get on
the exact element that you want, click on
that and it'll bring it in here as well.
Cool, I always go back and forth on, if
you are a native developer, there's some
really great ways that you can hook up the
Chrome Dev Tools to a native Android app.
I don't cover it in this course, but
I do link to a whole article
on how to set that up here.